Google safe browsing bug (#8434)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleSafeBrowsing/Integrations/README.md

Search Safe Browsing

## Configure GoogleSafeBrowsing on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for GoogleSafeBrowsing.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| apiKey | API Key | True |
| clientId | Client ID | True |
| clientVer | Client Version | True |
| url | Base URL | True |
| proxy | Use system proxy settings | False |
| insecure | Trust any certificate \(not secure\) | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
## Commands
You can execute these commands from the Demisto CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.
### url
***

> Check URL Reputation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks the reputation of a URL.
```

#### Base Command

`url`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| url | URL to check | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | URL.Data | unknown | Bad URLs found | 
> | URL.Malicious.Vendor | unknown | For malicious URLs, the vendor that made the decision | 
> | URL.Malicious.Description | unknown | For malicious URLs, the reason for the vendor to make the decision | 
> | DBotScore.Indicator | unknown | The indicator we tested | 
> | DBotScore.Type | unknown | The type of the indicator | 
> | DBotScore.Vendor | unknown | Vendor used to calculate the score | 
> | DBotScore.Score | unknown | The actual score | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL.Data | string | Bad URLs found | 
| URL.Malicious.Vendor | string | For malicious URLs, the vendor that made the decision | 
| URL.Malicious.Description | string | For malicious URLs, the reason for the vendor to make the decision | 
| DBotScore.Indicator | string | The indicator we tested | 
| DBotScore.Type | string | The type of indicator | 
| DBotScore.Vendor | string | Vendor used to calculate the score | 
| DBotScore.Score | int | The actual score | 
```
